>> Brian Holt: I think it makes
sense that we should go back and
do previous then right?
As you might imagine,
it's pretty much the opposite, right?
You do pretty much the same set of steps.
It's just gonna be almost the opposite.
>> Brian Holt: So this line right here,
line 12 literally gonna be the same.
>> Brian Holt:
GalleryImgs[currentlySelected].classList.-
remove("active");.
>> Brian Holt: Right, because if
you're going previous in the list,
then you still have to
hide the current image.
>> Brian Holt: And then here,
currently select instead of going forward
we're gonna go backwards, so if I'm on
image one and I wanna go back to zero,
I have to do current image minus minus,
right?
And again, that's the same as
currentlySelected = currentlySelected- 1.
Let's make that a comment.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: And
then I do the same step here,
galleryImgs[currentlySelected].classList.-
add("active");.
>> Brian Holt: Then we're
gonna say the nextBtn.
>> Brian Holt: .Disabled
is gonna be assigned false.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: Now when do
we stop going previous?
At what point do we have no
more previous images to show?
What is currently selected?
>> Speaker 2: The first one.
>> Brian Holt: Which is index what?
What is currently selected
going to equal at that point?
>> Speaker 2: Zero.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, so you're both right.
That zero one, is the first one.
>> Speaker 2: Is the first yeah.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, exactly, you got it.
So if currently selected,
=== 0 then prevBtn, is that right,
yep, disabled = true.
>> Brian Holt: So as you can see,
the logic here is almost exactly the same.
The only thing that changes here is
we're going backwards instead of going
forwards and then which buttons
were enabling and disabling.
Otherwise it's 100% the same logic.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so now, I have
>> Brian Holt: Luna here and
if I hit next, and
I hit previous again, it does go back.
It does disable previous,
does everything that we're supposed to do.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah?
>> Speaker 3: I'm using the code
form the course website.
In the init function, does it matter
the order that you put your functions in?
>> Brian Holt: Nope.
As long as they both get called,
yeah, it doesn't matter.